# SheLeads

Built for the She Builds AI hackathon, this project aims to foster economic equality and leadership for women and girls.

# Project Goal and Description
This AI-powered solution helps illuminate career paths and success strategies for women by offering a comprehensive view of the professional journeys of exceptional women across various industries. By understanding how these leaders navigated their careers—how many years they dedicated, the industries they worked in, and the experience they gained—we gain invaluable insights and references.

With this knowledge, we can identify paths previously unknown, eliminate blind spots, and visualize possibilities across different fields, continents, and countries. This perspective not only broadens our understanding but also connects these insights to our own realities, guiding us on where to focus and what resources to seek.

The SheLeads website features this year's "Most Powerful Women in Business 2024" list from Fortune magazine, spotlighting the top 100 women in the business world. Through an interactive map, users can explore the profiles of remarkable women across industries, ages and countries. Selecting an industry reveals leading women in that field, and clicking on a name provides a summary of her company and career path.

At the end of each profile summary, generated by Google Gemini, users can engage in a conversation with Gemini. You can ask questions such as "Are there recommended autobiographies of her?" or "What other well-known companies exist in her field?" allowing for deeper exploration of her background and industry insights.

## Integration of Google Gemini in SheLeads
Google Gemini powers all content for each profile, providing summaries of each individual’s career journey and their associated company. The chatbot enables users to delve further into details about the individual’s accomplishments, their industry, and relevant resources, creating an engaging, limitless conversation.

## How to run the project, replace the API key in geminiApi.ts with your own key
`npm install`

`npm run start`

## Video Demo
[Watch the demo video](https://youtu.be/z-jVDoI0wpI)
